Port over cache doc (#148)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/components/cache.rst

CACHE
#####

> Symfony makes heavy use of a filesystem cache. Frequently clearing this cache will be required when developing for Mautic. By default, the cache is located in ``app/cache/ENV`` where ``ENV`` is the environment currently accessed (``dev`` or ``prod``). To rebuild the cache, the ``ENV`` can just be deleted or run the Symfony command ``php app/console cache:clear --env=ENV``. If a specific environment is not passed to the command via ``--env=ENV``, the ``dev`` environment will be used by default.

Reviewer: Update for Mautic 3 and beyond (app/console -> bin/console, app/cache -> var/cache) and multiple Vale fixes.

```suggestion
Symfony makes heavy use of a filesystem cache. When developing for Mautic, clearing the cache is a regular occurrence. By default, Mautic instances have the cache located in ``var/cache/ENV`` where ``ENV`` is the environment currently accessed (``dev`` or ``prod``). To rebuild the cache, delete the relevant ``ENV`` folder within the cache directory, or run the Symfony command ``php bin/console cache:clear --env=ENV``. If a specific environment isn't passed to the command via ``--env=ENV``, Mautic uses the ``dev`` environment by default.
```

In the ``dev`` environment, translations, views, and assets are not cached. However, changes to these files will require the cache to be cleared for them to take effect in the ``prod`` environment. Changes to Mautic config files, Symfony config files, etc., will require the cache to be cleared regardless of the environment.

> The typical rule of thumb is, if Mautic is not acting as you expect after making changes, try clearing your cache. If you get "class could not be found" or "cannot redeclare class" errors when using the ``cache:clear`` command, manually delete the ``app/cache/ENV`` folder then run the command and/or browse to the site to rebuild.

Reviewer: Update the file path, and Vale fixes.

```suggestion
The typical rule of thumb is, if Mautic isn't acting as you expect after making changes, try clearing your cache. If you get ``class could not be found`` or ``cannot redeclare class`` errors when using the ``cache:clear`` command, manually delete the ``var/cache/ENV`` folder then run the command and/or browse to the site to rebuild.
```

> Cache Bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache bundle
```

> ------------

Reviewer: Use the correct heading nesting.
```suggestion
************
```

> Enables PSR-6 and PSR-16 caching. Check: `Symfony Cache Component <https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/cache.html>`_

Reviewer: @fakela please convert this to a link using the 'make link' command within the docs directory, and commit the file that is created. Thanks!

Namespace versus tag

> ---------------------

Reviewer: Nesting the headings correctly

```suggestion
====================
```

> This bundle introduces tags to cache. All its adapters are fully tag aware which makes the use of namespace obsolete for daily use.

Reviewer: I think this needs a 'the' here but maybe there is a reason why not to. Worth checking with the devs.
```suggestion
This bundle introduces tags to the cache. All its adapters are fully tag aware which makes the use of namespace obsolete for daily use.
```

> Previously, if you wanted to keep control on cache section and did not want to hold the index of all keys to clear, you would have to use namespace.

Reviewer: Vale fix
```suggestion
Previously, if you wanted to keep control on cache section and didn't want to hold the index of all keys to clear, you would have to use namespace.
```

> Disadvantage of this approach is a new adapter being created for each namespace.

Reviewer: Vale fix
```suggestion
The main disadvantage of this approach is that Mautic creates a new adapter for each namespace.
```

> Symfony 3.4 Cache uses tag-aware adapters. If you want to clear all records related to your bundle or component, you just need to tag them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Symfony 3.4, the cache uses tag-aware adapters. If you want to clear all records related to your Bundle or Component, you just need to tag them.
```

.. code-block:: php

    /** @var CacheProvider $cache */
    $cache = $this->get('mautic.cache.provider');

    /** @var CacheItemInterface $item */
    $item = $cache->getItem('test_tagged_Item');
    $item->set('yesa!!!');
    $item->tag(['firstTag', 'secondTag']);
    $item->expiresAfter(20000);

All you need to do now is to clear all tagged items:

.. code-block:: php

    $cache->invalidateTags(['firstTag']);

> POOLS CLEARING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pools clearing
```

==============

> Removing Cache Items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing cache items
```

--------------------

Cache Pools include methods to delete a cache item, some of them, or all of them. The most common is ``Psr\\Cache\\CacheItemPoolInterface::deleteItem``, which deletes the cache item identified by the given key.

.. code-block:: php

    $isDeleted = $cache->deleteItem('user_'.$userId);

> Use the ``Psr\\Cache\\CacheItemPoolInterface::deleteItems`` method to delete several cache items simultaneously (it returns true only if all the items have been deleted, even when any or some of them don’t exist):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``Psr\\Cache\\CacheItemPoolInterface::deleteItems`` method to delete several cache items simultaneously - it returns true only if all the items have been deleted, even when any or some of them don't exist:
```

Configuration
-------------

> Plugin comes preconfigured to utilize filesystem caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins come preconfigured to utilize filesystem caching.
```
